"I am jaiprakash nagar"
"This is merge other branches"
"I am demo2 merge with demo"

//Git Commands
git status is for shows, which file has changed

git add . is for, working to staging area to our file (git add . or git add filename)

git commit -m "message" is for create a milestone of our code with message

git branch branchname is for create a new branch (git branch Demo)

git checkout branchname is for, active on this branch with head (git checkout master)

git checkout -b branchname is for, create and go to new branch (git checkout -b demo)

git branch -m branchname is for, rename the current branchname when user on it (git branch -m newDemo)

git branch -d branchname or git branch -D branchname is for delete the branch when user on other branch (git branch -d demo, git branch -D demo)

git reset is for back to any old version code with branch head (git reset <commitId>, git reset Head~1 )

git revert is used for create new commit with old code version (git revert <commitID>)

git merge is used for merging code of other branch in it (git merge demo) if we are on master and want to merge demo branch code.

git rebase is also combine the code from one branch to self branch (git rebase master), this cmd will work as a all master code comes in demo branch.

git merge vs git rebase, they both command combine the code but their commit arrangement are different, in git merge cmd the code commit arrange like a time schedule, in git rebase cmd commit arrange
like a linear path- active branch set their commit in last place and other branch commit set before it, in rebase.

git pull origin master is used for pulling code from remote master branch to local master branch

git commit --amend -m "meassage", this command change our last commit message.

git cherry-pick <commitId> is used for bug fixes where you want to place that bugfix commit in all version branches (git cherry-pick e98fhb1).

git stash cmd is used for enable you to switch branches without committing the current branch, it store data something at hidden place (git stash) cuurent branch.

git switch cmd is for switching one branch to another, it likes a checkout but checkout have more uses but switch command only for branches (git switch demo).

git restore --staged filename cmd is used for file which comes in staging area return to working area (git restore --staged demo.tsx or git restore ---staged ).